README.md, before:

# VueFolio Projects

> A curated list of Vue.js portfolio projects built by developers. Contribute, explore, and get inspired to create your own amazing portfolio.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [VueFolio Projects](#-vuefolio-projects)
- [How to Contribute](#-how-to-contribute)
- [License](#-license)

## VueFolio Projects

| Name | Author | Description | Link |
|------|--------|-------------|------|
| Eldin-Space-Vue | [EldinZaimovic](https://github.com/EldinZaimovic) | Personal Web Portfolio. | [View Project](https://github.com/EldinZaimovic/Eldin-Space-Vue) |
| pablosirera.com | [pablosirera](https://github.com/pablosirera) | My portfolio ✌️ | [View Project](https://github.com/pablosirera/pablosirera.com) |
| portfolio | [jeferson-sb](https://github.com/jeferson-sb) | My personal website built using Vue 3 and Vite. | [View Project](https://github.com/jeferson-sb/portfolio) |
| Portfolio | [MuhaddiMu](https://github.com/MuhaddiMu) | Nuxt & Vue based new portfolio website. | [View Project](https://github.com/MuhaddiMu/Portfolio) |
| portfolio-2021 | [claudiabdm](https://github.com/claudiabdm) | My personal website/portfolio built with Nuxt 3 and Storyblok CMS. | [View Project](https://github.com/claudiabdm/portfolio-2021) |
| portfolio-template | [AkberJag](https://github.com/AkberJag) | A fully customizable portfolio website template built using Vue.js and Tailwind CSS. | [View Project](https://github.com/AkberJag/portfolio-template) |
| portfolio-vuejs | [hbollon](https://github.com/hbollon) | Portfolio template using VueJs framework, CosmicJS API and Bootstrap. | [View Project](https://github.com/hbollon/portfolio-vuejs) |
| suradet-portfolio | [pharmacist-sabot](https://github.com/pharmacist-sabot) | A personal portfolio website built with Vue.js, showcasing projects and professional experience. | [View Project](https://github.com/pharmacist-sabot/suradet-portfolio) |
| vuefolio | [ralodev](https://github.com/ralodev) | Vuejs + i18n portfolio template with easy setup and SEO friendly. | [View Project](https://github.com/ralodev/vuefolio) |
| vuejs-portofolio | [mahy209](https://github.com/mahy209) | A personal portfolio with Vue JS framework. | [View Project](https://github.com/mahy209/vuejs-portofolio) |
| vuejs-tailwindcss-portfolio | [realstoman](https://github.com/realstoman) | A simple multipage and responsive Vue.js & Tailwind CSS portfolio theme with dark mode. | [View Project](https://github.com/realstoman/vuejs-tailwindcss-portfolio) |
| vue-developer-portfolio | [Asfak00](https://github.com/Asfak00) | A fully responsive, modern UI/UX portfolio template with dynamic content management, project showcase, and SEO optimization. | [View Project](https://github.com/Asfak00/vue-developer-portfolio) |
| vue-resume-template | [ryanbalieiro](https://github.com/ryanbalieiro) | A clean and modern resume template built with Vue 3’s Composition API. | [View Project](https://github.com/ryanbalieiro/vue-resume-template) |
| win95 | [DonChiaQE](https://github.com/DonChiaQE) | Windows 95 Portfolio built with Vue.js. | [View Project](https://github.com/DonChiaQE/win95) |

> **Note**: Add your project by following the contribution guidelines below.

## 🤝 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community. To add your Vue.js portfolio project:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Add your project details to the table above.
3. Create a pull request with the following format:
   - Title: `Add: [Your Project Name]`
   - Description: Briefly describe your project and its features.

For more details, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

Made with ❤️ using Vue.js and community love.

Commit message:

feat: Add new portfolio entry for Hetari

README.md, after:

# VueFolio Projects

> A curated list of Vue.js portfolio projects built by developers. Contribute, explore, and get inspired to create your own amazing portfolio.

## 📋 Table of Contents

- [VueFolio Projects](#-vuefolio-projects)
- [How to Contribute](#-how-to-contribute)
- [License](#-license)

## VueFolio Projects

| Name | Author | Description | Link |
|------|--------|-------------|------|
| Eldin-Space-Vue | [EldinZaimovic](https://github.com/EldinZaimovic) | Personal Web Portfolio. | [View Project](https://github.com/EldinZaimovic/Eldin-Space-Vue) |
| pablosirera.com | [pablosirera](https://github.com/pablosirera) | My portfolio ✌️ | [View Project](https://github.com/pablosirera/pablosirera.com) |
| portfolio | [jeferson-sb](https://github.com/jeferson-sb) | My personal website built using Vue 3 and Vite. | [View Project](https://github.com/jeferson-sb/portfolio) |
| portfolio | [Hetari](https://github.com/Hetari) | My portfolio website, I clone the UI/UX from Huy Nguyen (his user name in github is: by-huy). | [View Project](https://github.com/Hetari/portfolio) |
| Portfolio | [MuhaddiMu](https://github.com/MuhaddiMu) | Nuxt & Vue based new portfolio website. | [View Project](https://github.com/MuhaddiMu/Portfolio) |
| portfolio-2021 | [claudiabdm](https://github.com/claudiabdm) | My personal website/portfolio built with Nuxt 3 and Storyblok CMS. | [View Project](https://github.com/claudiabdm/portfolio-2021) |
| portfolio-template | [AkberJag](https://github.com/AkberJag) | A fully customizable portfolio website template built using Vue.js and Tailwind CSS. | [View Project](https://github.com/AkberJag/portfolio-template) |
| portfolio-vuejs | [hbollon](https://github.com/hbollon) | Portfolio template using VueJs framework, CosmicJS API and Bootstrap. | [View Project](https://github.com/hbollon/portfolio-vuejs) |
| suradet-portfolio | [pharmacist-sabot](https://github.com/pharmacist-sabot) | A personal portfolio website built with Vue.js, showcasing projects and professional experience. | [View Project](https://github.com/pharmacist-sabot/suradet-portfolio) |
| vuefolio | [ralodev](https://github.com/ralodev) | Vuejs + i18n portfolio template with easy setup and SEO friendly. | [View Project](https://github.com/ralodev/vuefolio) |
| vuejs-portofolio | [mahy209](https://github.com/mahy209) | A personal portfolio with Vue JS framework. | [View Project](https://github.com/mahy209/vuejs-portofolio) |
| vuejs-tailwindcss-portfolio | [realstoman](https://github.com/realstoman) | A simple multipage and responsive Vue.js & Tailwind CSS portfolio theme with dark mode. | [View Project](https://github.com/realstoman/vuejs-tailwindcss-portfolio) |
| vue-developer-portfolio | [Asfak00](https://github.com/Asfak00) | A fully responsive, modern UI/UX portfolio template with dynamic content management, project showcase, and SEO optimization. | [View Project](https://github.com/Asfak00/vue-developer-portfolio) |
| vue-resume-template | [ryanbalieiro](https://github.com/ryanbalieiro) | A clean and modern resume template built with Vue 3’s Composition API. | [View Project](https://github.com/ryanbalieiro/vue-resume-template) |
| win95 | [DonChiaQE](https://github.com/DonChiaQE) | Windows 95 Portfolio built with Vue.js. | [View Project](https://github.com/DonChiaQE/win95) |

> **Note**: Add your project by following the contribution guidelines below.

## 🤝 How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community. To add your Vue.js portfolio project:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Add your project details to the table above.
3. Create a pull request with the following format:
   - Title: `Add: [Your Project Name]`
   - Description: Briefly describe your project and its features.

For more details, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

Made with ❤️ using Vue.js and community love.
